[Documentation] add examples for `core/blocks` actions (#42637)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/data/data-core-blocks.md

## Actions

<!-- START TOKEN(Autogenerated actions|../../../packages/blocks/src/store/actions.js) -->

> ### addBlockCollection

Reviewer: Used by `registerBlockCollection`.

Returns an action object used to add block collections

_Parameters_

-   _namespace_ `string`: The namespace of the blocks to put in the collection
-   _title_ `string`: The title to display in the block inserter
-   _icon_ `Object`: (optional) The icon to display in the block inserter

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### addBlockStyles

Reviewer: Used by `registerBlockStyle`.

Returns an action object used in signalling that new block styles have been added.

_Parameters_

-   _blockName_ `string`: Block name.
-   _styles_ `Array|Object`: Block styles.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### addBlockTypes

Reviewer: Used indirectly by `registerBlockType`.

Returns an action object used in signalling that block types have been added.

_Parameters_

-   _blockTypes_ `Array|Object`: Block types received.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### addBlockVariations

Reviewer: Used by `registerBlockVariation`.

Returns an action object used in signalling that new block variations have been added.

_Parameters_

-   _blockName_ `string`: Block name.
-   _variations_ `WPBlockVariation|WPBlockVariation[]`: Block variations.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### removeBlockCollection

Reviewer: Used by `unregisterBlockCollection`.

Returns an action object used to remove block collections

_Parameters_

-   _namespace_ `string`: The namespace of the blocks to put in the collection

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### removeBlockStyles

Reviewer: Used by `unregisterBlockStyle`.

Returns an action object used in signalling that block styles have been removed.

_Parameters_

-   _blockName_ `string`: Block name.
-   _styleNames_ `Array|string`: Block style names.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### removeBlockTypes

Reviewer: Used by `unregisterBlockType`.

Returns an action object used to remove a registered block type.

_Parameters_

-   _names_ `string|Array`: Block name.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### removeBlockVariations

Reviewer: Used by `unregisterBlockVariation`.

Returns an action object used in signalling that block variations have been removed.

_Parameters_

-   _blockName_ `string`: Block name.
-   _variationNames_ `string|string[]`: Block variation names.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### setCategories

Reviewer: Used by `setCategories`.

Returns an action object used to set block categories.

_Usage_

```js
import { store as blocksStore } from '@wordpress/blocks';
import { useSelect, useDispatch } from '@wordpress/data';

const ExampleComponent = () => {
	const blockCategories = useSelect(
		( select ) => select( blocksStore ).getCategories(),
		[]
	);

	const { setCategories } = useDispatch( blocksStore );

	return (
		<Button
			onClick={ () =>
				setCategories( [
					...blockCategories,
					{ title: 'Custom Category', slug: 'custom-category' },
				] )
			}
		>
			{ __( 'Add a new custom block category' ) }
		</Button>
	);
};
```

_Parameters_

-   _categories_ `WPBlockCategory[]`: Block categories.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### setDefaultBlockName

Reviewer: Used by `setDefaultBlockName`.

Returns an action object used to set the default block name.

_Usage_

```js
import { store as blocksStore } from '@wordpress/blocks';
import { useDispatch } from '@wordpress/data';

const ExampleComponent = () => {
	const { setDefaultBlockName } = useDispatch( blocksStore );

	return (
		<Button onClick={ () => setDefaultBlockName( 'core/heading' ) }>
			{ __( 'Set the default block to Heading' ) }
		</Button>
	);
};
```

_Parameters_

-   _name_ `string`: Block name.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### setFreeformFallbackBlockName

Reviewer: Used by `setFreeformContentHandlerName`.

Returns an action object used to set the name of the block used as a fallback
for non-block content.

_Parameters_

-   _name_ `string`: Block name.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### setGroupingBlockName

Reviewer: Used by `setGroupingBlockName`.

Returns an action object used to set the name of the block used
when grouping other blocks
eg: in "Group/Ungroup" interactions

_Parameters_

-   _name_ `string`: Block name.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### setUnregisteredFallbackBlockName

Reviewer: Used by `setUnregisteredTypeHandlerName`.

Returns an action object used to set the name of the block used as a fallback
for unregistered blocks.

_Parameters_

-   _name_ `string`: Block name.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: Action object.

> ### updateCategory

Reviewer: Used by `updateCategory`.

> The actions in this package shouldn't be used directly. Instead, use the functions listed in the public API [here](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-blocks/)

Reviewer: According to contributing guides https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/docs/contributors/documentation#using-links this link should look as follows:

```suggestion
The actions in this package shouldn't be used directly. Instead, use the functions listed in the public API [here](/packages/blocks/README.md)
```

The rest will magically happen behind the scenes.

Returns an action object used in signalling that block types have been added.

_Usage_

```js
import { __ } from '@wordpress/i18n';
import { Button } from '@wordpress/components';
import { store as blocksStore } from '@wordpress/blocks';
import { useDispatch } from '@wordpress/data';

const ExampleComponent = () => {

> 	const { addBlockTypes } = useDispatch( blocksStore );

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we should continue promoting this action because the process of registering a block type has more steps, and it's only one of them. I would say it's an internal API that gets executed with `registerBlockType` from `@wordpress/blocks`.

Author: Might be a good candidate for `@ignore`, agreed?

Returns an action object used to remove a registered block type.

_Usage_

```js
import { __ } from '@wordpress/i18n';
import { Button } from '@wordpress/components';
import { store as blocksStore } from '@wordpress/blocks';
import { useDispatch } from '@wordpress/data';

const ExampleComponent = () => {
	const { removeBlockTypes } = useDispatch( blocksStore );

	return (
		<Button
			onClick={ () =>

> 				removeBlockTypes( [ 'core/cover', 'core/heading' ] )

Reviewer: Similar to `addBlockTypes` this might be treated as an internal API. Technically, it's perfectly fine to use it directly, but it might change with time.
